Add Certification + Beam Quest to Documentation (#26997)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/get-started/resources/learning-resources.md

**[Streaming Systems: The What, Where, When, and How of Large-Scale Data Processing](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/streaming-systems/9781491983867/)** by Tyler Akidau, Slava Chernyak, Reuven Lax. (August 2018). Expanded from Tyler Akidau’s popular blog posts "Streaming 101" and "Streaming 102", this book takes you from an introductory level to a nuanced understanding of the what, where, when, and how of processing real-time data streams.

## Certifications {#certifications}

### Getting Started with Apache Beam Quest

> **[Getting Started with Apache Beam](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/quests/310)**  This quest walks you through four qwiklabs regarding Apache Beam (3 Java, 1 Python). The time limit for each lab is 1 hour 30 min, and upon completion, you are granted with a badge you can share on social media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Get Started with Apache Beam](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/quests/310)**  This quest includes four labs that teach you how to write and test Apache Beam pipelines. Three of the labs use Java and one uses Python. Each lab takes about 1.5 hours to complete.
```

We can include the information about the badge, but I'm not sure how important it is.
